NAS-100551 Update managing jail docs to match current UI proccess. (#1263)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/jails.rst

   Jail Overview Section

Operations can be applied to multiple jails by selecting those jails
with the checkboxes on the left. After selecting one or more jails,
icons appear which can be used to |ui-jail-start|, |ui-jail-stop|,
|ui-jail-update|, or |ui-jail-delete| those jails.

Click |ui-chevron-right| for a jail to see the *IPV4*, *IPV6*, *TYPE*

> of jail, if it is a *TEMPLATE* jail or not, and if it is a *BASEJAIL*

Reviewer: The "or not" is rarely needed.
```suggestion
of jail, whether it is a *TEMPLATE* jail, and whether it is a *BASEJAIL*.
```

> or not. It also displays additional options for that jail which are 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also displays additional options for that jail which are 
```

   | Option       | Description                                                   |
   |              |                                                               |
   +==============+===============================================================+
   | EDIT         | Used to modify the settings described in                      |
   |              | :ref:`Advanced Jail Creation`.                                |

>    |              | A jail cannot be edited while it is running. The settings can |

Reviewer: Duplicate "can".

   | Option       | Description                                                   |
   |              |                                                               |
   +==============+===============================================================+
   | EDIT         | Used to modify the settings described in                      |
   |              | :ref:`Advanced Jail Creation`.                                |
   |              | A jail cannot be edited while it is running. The settings     |
   |              | can be viewed, but are read only.                             |
   |              |                                                               |
   +--------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+
   | MOUNT        | Select an existing                                            |

>    | POINTS       | mount point to :guilabel:`EDIT` or click                      |

Reviewer: Is "mount points" always two words, or should it be a compound word (mountpoints)?

Author: Quick Google search reveals it being used as two words.

Reviewer: Interesting, but misses the point.  We need to be consistent about this within our software and documentation.

Author: Majority of our docs are using "mount points".

   |              | :menuselection:`ACTIONS --> Add Mount Point`                  |
   |              | to create a mount point for the jail. A mount point           |
   |              | gives a jail access to storage located elsewhere on the       |
   |              | system. A jail must be stopped before adding, editing, or     |

>    |              | deleting a :guilabel:`MOUNT POINT`. See                       |

Reviewer: Not sure why this one is a guilabel when the previous references are just generic text.  This one probably should be plain text also.

   +--------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+
   | RESTART      | Stop and immediately start an :literal:`up` jail.             |
   |              |                                                               |
   +--------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+
   | START        | Start a jail that has a current :guilabel:`STATE` of          |
   |              | *down*.                                                       |
   |              |                                                               |
   +--------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+
   | STOP         | Stop a jail that has a current :guilabel:`STATE` of           |
   |              | *up*.                                                         |
   |              |                                                               |
   +--------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+
   | UPDATE       | Runs `freebsd-update                                          |
   |              | <https://www.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=freebsd-update>`__ |

>    |              | to update the jail to the lateset patch level of the          |

Reviewer: Typo.

   |              | installed FreeBSD release.                                    |
   |              |                                                               |
   +--------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+
   | SHELL        | Access a *root* command prompt to interact with a jail        |
   |              | directly from the command line. Type :command:`exit` to       |
   |              | leave the command prompt.                                     |
   |              |                                                               |
   +--------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+
   | DELETE       | Delete the jail, all of the jail's contents, and all          |

>    |              | associated :ref:`Snapshots`. Back up the jail's data,         |

Reviewer: Rephrase so the first word is not a verb that can be read as imperative:
`` Caution: deleting the jail also deletes all of the jail contents and all associated :ref:`snapshots <Snapshots>`. Back up the jail data... ``

must be enabled in a jail to allow SSH access to that jail from another
system.

The jail :guilabel:`State` must be *up* before the :guilabel:`SHELL`
option is available. If the jail is not up, start it by clicking
:menuselection:`Jails -->` |ui-chevron-right| :menuselection:`--> START`
for the desired jail. Click
|ui-chevron-right| :menuselection:`--> SHELL`

> to open the shell of the jail. A jail root shell is shown in this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to open a shell in the jail. A jail root shell is shown in this
```

must be enabled in a jail to allow SSH access to that jail from another
system.

> The jail :guilabel:`State` must be *up* before the :guilabel:`SHELL`

Reviewer: The "state" guilabel is all-caps above.

> The :guilabel:`Mount points` section of a jail shows any added storage

Reviewer: Is this the correct case?
